Well, I'm not going to take a lot of
your time just talking.
I feel an urge to pray. We have a lot of
work to do and we'll do it really
quickly
and then I'll let you go on your way.
But I feel like many hands make light
work. I was going to take the night off
last night. I was tired
after the video we did. You know, a
lot of it's interesting; as we were
praying,
I was thinking it was over
and then the Lord took us down the river
so quickly, showing us so much. And it's
interesting because we had 8,000 total the
whole time. Braden said,
"Dad,
people started
leaving."By
the time 1,500 people left,
the glory started. I was able to see
over in Cuba and we were down in
the sixes, and I think it's interesting
that
people want to rush things
and want to microwave it. There's no
microwaving the things of the Lord
when you're praying and you're flowing
with the Holy Spirit. We're just
yielded to Him.
This is His thing.
And it's amazing, the ones that are in a
hurry. I know you have to go to work, a
lot of you, but around the
world there are a lot of times that He'll
wait until I'm just right at the last
here lately. And then it's like, boom. And
I'm like,
"Where'd that come from?"You know, it's
interesting. We laugh about it. Braden
goes, "You are getting ready to
close."I
go, "Yep."So, to you that are here now,
let's go over some of the things we saw
last night. Now,
I don't even really know where to
start with it, but Braden has some
things here he wanted to show you that
he found in the news
today. And so, we're going to go over
that real quick. We'll talk a little bit
about it. I'll take less than 30
minutes. So, let's go.
25 minutes now.
That's all we
have.
I'm going to tell
you:
"Putin is preparing
for Pearl Harbor in space.
Nuclear attack, US military chief
warns."What
is that all about, Braden?
Does
he want to nuke our—does he want
to mess up our satellites?
Obviously, something about the
satellites probably since there's a
picture of a satellite. So, if he sends
off some kind of something,
it'll
mess up our stuff. But Putin is doing
something
that's kind of interesting.
Good find.
Next:
"Preparing for a Pearl Harbor in
space: nuclear attack."Okay. "Putin is
preparing for a Pearl Harbor in space.
Nuclear attack. US military chief
warns."Wonder
what that's all about.
We'll
have to look more into
that. Okay. Next.
Let's go back to the
lady. Well, she's probably talking about
Coinbase. Yes. Okay, let's watch that.
You want to watch this? This is about
Coinbase. I can understand the banks being upset with Coinbase and other companies because they were forced to accept this. I think, initially, many of the banks were saying, "Well, no, you know, we're going to get there, but we're not there yet."Yeah. Look, interestingly we have actually a partnership with some of the biggest banks around the world, including the biggest US banks, because they understand the future is tokenization and stable coins. They're looking for a partner to build with. We're excited to be the partner of the biggest banks. But the beltway is a funny place, Maria. As you know, there's a bit of a disconnect with what we see in DC and what we see with their business folks. Yeah, I think we'll
be able to resolve that. The banks are critical as a part of this on-chain future. I think there's a lot of opportunities for them. We want to help them get there and I think we're excited about that. So right now you can pay rewards if you're part of a membership program. Real quick, explain where you're expecting clarity to land. So the law of the land is if a customer has a balance on our account, we can pay them a reward. The banks have got really concerned about this. They said, "No, no, there has to be some activity before you qualify for the reward."We've conceded that point. It's just a matter of how the fine print looks, and I think we'll get there.
That's pretty cool.
Yeah.
They want to have it passed before
the end of May.
If they don't get it passed before the
end of May, they're saying they won't
get it passed until 2027
because of the fact that
we're in an election year, midterms, and
people are going to start campaigning
and a lot of things won't get done.
So, if that's the case, they're saying
that a lot of Congress people are not
going to be voting on things. So, they
have until the end of May to get this
done is what they're saying. If not,
we'll go into 2027,
which is
a crime. That's pathetic.
But
Clarity Act breakthrough. Why JP Morgan
says the US crypto rulebook is close to
completion.
That's pretty neat.
He was the one holding the—remember I
told you he's holding the rocket? He was
holding it with him and two other
bank guys:
Bank of America, the CEO of Bank of
America, and one over Wells Fargo and
Chase Bank.
So JP Morgan is holding it and holding
the rocket trying to control what it was
going to do,
and so he's on board.
It sounds like he is excited maybe.
So that's kind of neat.
Good find.
Go ahead. Anything else?
Okay, this is kind of cool. He told me
about this: "How to see three planets
line up in a dramatic display in
the April sky."So on
Saturday—Friday
evening going into
Saturday—we're
having an unusual
planetary alignment
on the 18th
and it will look pretty cool from what I
understand.
You'll have to be up early in the
morning when the sun is getting ready to
come up.
But
Jupiter, Venus,
and—right.
Okay.
Jupiter on the left, Venus on the right, and the
moon cluster above. So
it's
started already from what I
understand, but it'll be the best it can
be on the 18th.
Okay. That's right.
Yeah.
So, it's some kind of planetary
alignment.
And the best day is the 18th. The day the
Lord circled and he said, "Brandon, watch
the 18th.
This is a major significant
day."What
is this? "See, do you see
all this right here? What is the planet
parade?"That's
pretty neat, huh? That's on the
18th.
The Lord said, "Watch this day. It's a
very significant
day,"and
pray for Coachella, pray for Justin,
pray for
all these other events.
And then he showed us about all
those tragic events that have taken
place in the past. Praying over our oil
wells, our oil derricks, our oil
plants, our gas plants, praying over our
president, praying over
these people that—all this
terrorist activity, praying over the NBA
playoffs because they start on the 18th.
And then this—and I think this is the
coolest thing. This is signs in the
heavens.
As of April 1, the Lord said, "Great
signs in the heavens."Look, he said,
"An acceleration of things."And then
when Braden found this, somebody sent
this to him, I guess.
And so Braden got this and he said,
"Daddy, this is pretty cool. The
18th."And
so, can you move it down so they
can see the planets?
Isn't
that neat? I get into all
that stuff. I'm just like, "Lord, oh,
what a—"like Sister Billy always says,
"Oh, what a plan. Oh, what a
planner."This
is not coincidence. The Lord
circled it. He circled it before me in
the vision: 18th. Look and pray over
this day. It's very significant. The Red
Cross. Pray over the Boston Marathon on
the 20th. Pray over Coachella. Pray over
the NBA. Pray over 89ers Day parade in
Guthrie, Oklahoma. Pray over these
major events of gatherings of people
as we see the man in
Pauls Valley, Oklahoma, that
the principal of the school was a hero
in my opinion jumping on that young man
that had the gun trying to do all that
and had a misfire. That's only by the
hand of the Lord
protecting the youth there at that
high school.
I know when we pray and we
see results
on the news and there's no explanation
for it other than
the Lord. So it's Mercury,
Mars, Saturn, and Neptune,
a rare planetary alignment on April
20, 2026,
will feature that.
And the best day is the
18th.
Okay. Best time mid-April,
particularly
April 18th, 2026,
approximately 30 to 60 minutes before
sunrise. Like I said, you have to get up
early.
It's
pretty amazing though.
I'm just like, 'Lord, I know you circled
that day,'and we've
been praying over it. Saturday
is
a day that really stands out
to me. We're praying over our
nation, our president,
and
any kind of
hidden
attacks—the
enemy within, a Red Dawn experience,
D-Day—all
the things that I have been
praying over for quite some time now.
I heard
'mass casualties.'I
was
praying over mass casualties today. As I
was praying, I heard that word and the
Lord said, 'Pray over mass casualties.'Mass
casualties—a
lot of them. And he
said, 'There will be a lot of mass
casualties. Pray against
this.'I
was
in that place of—not just travail, but deep
intercession—praying
for mass
casualties concerning a major event that
somebody
is
trying to do.
So I'm praying against that,
interceding for the safety of our
nation
and for Europe.
It's not just about America;
it's about the Catholic Church in Rome,
it's about France, and it's about black
swan events.
This is
all
going to be for what I
keep seeing: it's to bring forth
distraction
because of what's
going on with the oil and all the things
that we see going on with Iran.
And I saw darkness. I saw again last
night a major storm.
I saw a massive storm.
I keep telling you all about this,
but as we were praying...
Show me this. What is this,
baby?
Turkey. I showed it
to
you.
Let's play this real quick
and then let's get to it.
Now, this is interesting because
if you remember what the Lord showed us
about cattle in the days ahead, I saw
drought across America, Australia, and
these areas. I saw farmers not being
able to afford to take care of cattle
because of the drought. That's why,
ever since then, I have been praying for
the rain.
It came out of this word, and the Lord
said, 'The price of hay and feed will be
too much per head for the ranchers to
maintain a big herd.'Because
of
the price of beef, they'll be
dumping these cows on the market because
they can't afford them.
I saw that the
butchers were too full. The slaughterhouses were
full because
there
are
so many people trying to dump
cows. There
are
not enough
resources to take care of the cows
because of the drought. That's why
the Lord said,
'Pray and take authority over your area
for
rain.'So
that's what we've been doing over
Tulsa and over where my mom and dad
live. They pray their
prayers. We are all agreeing that we
get
rain over Oklahoma because I know, and
even over Texas, I heard
there is no water. There is no
water concerning rain. I saw a Dust
Bowl. I saw farmers leaving their
tractors. There was something wrong with
diesel.
The tractors were
parked—big
John Deere tractors were
just in the fields, not moving.
I saw John Deeres across the
land and
that
there was something wrong with the
diesel. There was something wrong with
the tractors.
Like I said, I
don't want to add to or take away from
anything, but instantaneously I'm
thinking there's something going on with
the water. Then I heard, 'There is no
water. There is no water,'and I saw
drought,
and it was severe.
I saw a very hot summer,
unusually
hot.
And then I saw
long-track
tornadoes from the storms that we did
have. But the Lord said, 'Use your
authority over the weather. Pray, take
communion, go around your town and call
in the rain
for weather
manipulation.'Remember
weather manipulation and weather
modification with
weather warfare?
Weather warfare. Do you remember that weather
warfare? They're manipulating the
weather. There's something wrong with the
weather. Then I saw a haze upon the
earth. I said, 'The sun looks different
in the days
ahead.'The
birds and the deer are all
migrating and breeding too early
because the deer were confused
because of the way the sun looked.
Something was off. Animals and things
started roosting in the middle of the
afternoon because they thought it was
time to get around. I said, 'This looks
like an eclipse.
Something goes on.'I said, 'This sun
looks
weird.'It's
all in the same vision.
So I'm telling you what the Lord
shows me, as I hear in part and see in part,
as we go into the rest of this spring.
Don't be satisfied with an inch of rain
or
two inches of rain. Keep praying.
Whenever you see a breakthrough of a
little bit, like we've had
recently—we've
had two days of rain, but it
wasn't that much. It was like a quarter of
an inch or half an inch,
for
which we're thankful,
but we need inches
in Oklahoma because it gets hot here.
And so you go, 'No, we're thankful,
Lord, but bring
more.'We're
supposed to get some more tomorrow
night, and then there's
nothing in the forecast.
They go, 'Well, this is April. We're
going into May. No rain.'That's not
good. We need truckloads of
rain.
Pour it out. You pray over your area
because there are many of you that have
emailed saying, 'Brandon, it's dry in
Florida. We don't have any rain
in
North
Carolina.'Well,
we're getting a lot of rain in
Seattle. They always seem to
get a lot of rain up there, I guess.
But we need rain over the
central part of America for the
breadbasket, over where all our
crops are—the wheat and
the corn. Remember the corn
was in rows, and I said they started
to turn into dollar signs?
I said they look like corn nuggets;
the nuggets on the corn looked like
coins. There wasn't that much,
there was something with it, but it
became obviously expensive.
The corn cob became
expensive as I saw the rows of corn.
I found it.
You don't have to play it.
The
corn.
April 12th. The Lord's talking to
us about the corn, praying over the
corn. I saw genetically modified
corn. The Lord said they try
to make a super-seed, and when they do,
it will not produce at all that year.
There'll
be fields that will not have
any
growth; they'll be
completely barren.
Now, I want you to hear this guy.
He's ex-CIA. This man is ex-CIA. I don't know who the guy with the shaved head is, but he's a YouTuber. My son said he has a lot of followers—Mario. He has like a million followers. But he had this special guest on a show, and I want you to hear what he says that goes with what the Spirit of the Lord told us about a week or two ago. Now listen to what this guy said today. This happened today: 'The key now is to get the Strait of Hormuz, try to restore production in the Gulf, and get oil production back up to where it was. It's going to be months, if not a year or two, before they can restore production to where it was on February 28th. The economic tsunami—I'll call it that—this wave that's going to sweep the world is going to create economic damage on par with what we saw during... well, we didn't see it, neither you nor I were born, but during the Great Depression of the 1930s. I just got a taste of it yesterday visiting with one of my neighbors who has a ranch. I'm in Manatee County, Florida. You know, 25 years ago, Manatee used to have 120 cattle ranches. Now they're down to like 10 or 11. So the rest of the cattle ranches have sold out, and they're building homes. Anyway, I asked him, "How's it going with your cattle ranch?"'He goes, "Well, number one,
we're paying $2 more a gallon for diesel, so our fuel costs are way up. Our fertilizer cost has tripled."And then he said, "I've got a problem because we've had a drought. This was not a consequence of attacking Iran, but we've had a drought."And as a consequence of that drought, he has to supplement the cattle feed with hay that they'll eat. He said last year he would buy 40 bundles at $40 a bundle, so $1,600. This year, you can't find—he needs 90 bales of hay and that's selling at more like $100 a bale. So all of a sudden he's gone from $1,600 to almost $9,000 just to keep the cattle fed, to keep them alive. Now that's happening not just to him; that's happening across the United States to farmers everywhere. Particularly, the diesel fuel costs are up, and it's happening to farmers overseas. So the potential for a significant food crisis as some of these farms collapse or go bankrupt. They can't continue in business. They're not able to harvest the crops. So that's what I'm saying. The political-economic effects of this war have yet to even be felt. Then we're seeing the commodity markets, particularly the oil markets; they're not normal. I mean, there are some shenanigans going on because when the tanker arrives at port, the oil that's coming off that tanker is going for about $140 to $150 a barrel. In fact, I saw in Singapore it's $210 a barrel.
That's pretty amazing.
I didn't know anything about
Singapore and the $210 because the Lord showed
me $200 a barrel and I was praying over
that.
I hadn't seen that, son. That's
amazing.
So 150, that's a lot.
And so we see the results of
things that we knew were coming because the
Lord and I saw great
anti-Semitism coming
towards the Jewish people and it
came out of what's going on with
Iran right now.
And so the part that I was concerned
about was Braden talking about the
cattle because I saw genetically grown,
lab-grown meat trying to be really
pushed in the days ahead when a new type
of virus comes out for cattle.
And I saw them saying, "We're going to try
to push worm burgers and cricket
burgers."Do
you remember me giving the
word about that? Cricket burgers, worm
burgers, bug burgers,
saying, "Hey, we have to have an
alternative meat source because meat is
too expensive.
There's something wrong with the cattle,
and there is the drought
and all this."And I said, "What, these
farmers are going to be dumping the
cows?"And
I saw
organic meat farming was
skyrocketing;
people were making big bucks off organic
meat
because they say, "Listen, this is
organic. This is right off the
farm,
without
all the preservatives and all that
stuff."And
so people were trying to find meat.
So it goes with the end times where
we are. I truly believe these are the
signs and the times of the birthing
pains
as we see the days approaching.
The birthing pains are becoming more
and more. It's like some
family members that say they're going to
raise quail and rabbits and
other things like chickens;
people are talking like
that. It's
all trying to think how
to get ahead of the curve of what we
believe
are
the birthing pains and the beginning of
the sorrows. So that the body of Christ
is the head and not the tail, above and
not beneath. Now, I'm not telling you to
store up your 30-year
food supply and have a garage full of it,
but it's interesting
where the
Holy Spirit is leading some people
because of where they live and where
they're able to do it. Now, somebody in
New York City is going to be a lot
different than somebody that's in the
country in Oklahoma.
God has a plan for every single one of
us. And whatever he tells you to do, do
it.
So, I can't sit here and
tell you, "Well, you live in LA and you
live in New York City and then
you live in Leach,
Texas,"and
it's totally different
because
it's a different economy
everywhere. It's like somebody said, "Do
you know it's $25 an hour for parking in
LA to go downtown?"$25 an hour to
park your car!
Just to park your car, to get out of the
car. 25 bucks an hour and they were
saying it's over $9 a gallon for
gas.
I can't even imagine that kind of
stuff. I'm just going, "What is going
on?"But
that
shows $9 a gallon average
in LA,
and I'm thinking that's a lot of money
for a gallon of gas.
But
I saw
a
mass
exodus
of major cities: LA again, Chicago,
Boston, New York. People fleeing over
this summer
to the point they were all coming to
Central Park and the South trying to
like—we've
had enough.
People in New York are saying, "We've
had enough. We can't live here. It's too
expensive.
We've
got to pack up and we've got to move
south. We've got to go to Oklahoma
and these other cities that are down there
and we'll populate those."And I saw
real estate in Oklahoma that would be
hard to come by, rental homes and things
like that in the days ahead because
people were going to be leaving trying
to flee this $25 for parking.
"We can't afford to live here anymore.
We can't afford this
gas."That's
what people
were
acting like. And I remember in these
visions I saw it, but it was by design.
When they came, I saw tent cities,
so much so that there were tent cities
like Skid Row
and people were all over the place, but
revival broke out.
I've
talked about this for several
years telling Brad, "I see
fields full of people
coming here trying to get a better
life, but then they don't have enough to
get here."They are broke,
and the finances and all the things that
I have told about the
finances—praying
now, I've already talked too
long;
28 minutes. But
I just think it's interesting as we see
these things happening on the news.
Talk show people are talking
about what's going on.
And then one sister told us, "You
have no idea. I live in Europe and
you're not hearing what's truly
happening
in our country through your media.
You're being censored
to the point where you are truly not
hearing what's going on in other parts
of the
world."What
do we not see through CNN, Fox,
ABC, NBC, and wire news channels that we
don't see on X or whatever? I'm
thinking, "Is that true?"So, if that is
true and you are in these other
countries and you say, "Brandon, you all
are clueless. What's going on over here?
We live in Africa. Tell us."Tell us in
the comments down below. Say,
"Y'all
aren't here. You really don't know truly
what's going on in Asia. You truly don't
know what's going on in Africa or
South America. You all are
clueless what's going on in Venezuela
right now because your media is not
telling you."And if that's true, tell us because
I'm
curious. We get these emails
and I'm thinking, "Are these people
just pulling our
chain?"We
get a lot of emails from all around
the world all the time. Diana is
continually telling me, "Did you know
this is going on in this country and
all this?"And I'm going,
"Wow."I
realize I have so many
people following me from all around the
world. So,
we're just old
country people in Oklahoma. We don't
know. But it's interesting because
there's so many of you from all
over the place. Let's
pray. I'll give you
just five minutes here. I saw
Cuba a lot last night. I saw sniffers.
And when people say, "What is a
sniffer?"It
was airplanes sniffing for
atomic bombs—nuclear. I saw these
sniffers going throughout... I
saw sniffers that were on poles in
major cities in Boston and these other
areas.
I saw that they had a way of being
able to detect backpacks
and
suitcases,
using
some kind of sensor.
It was able to sniff
them.
And that's what I was talking about. I'm not
trying to be weird saying, 'Well, you're
sniffing things.'No, that's what
the Lord called it. It was
sniffing.
Now,
like I said, I saw it. It looked like a
big plane with a
big nose, and it
was an actual flesh human nose on a
plane sniffing the land and the
areas. I knew that was a
symbolization of something, and that's
why I said I don't know. I tell him
I've seen a plane sniffing
things.
I see a plane flying through the
atmosphere trying to sniff things. I see
poles and electronics sniffing
things.
And the Lord said, 'This is not real
sniffing.
This is a detecting early alert
system.'I
saw Fidel Castro during the old Cold War
last night, and I saw that he was given a
weapon of mass destruction
that they have hidden for decades from
Russia.
It was the Cuban
Missile Crisis;
it looked like a briefcase.
It looked like some kind of thing that
they were trying to hide
underground
in a mountain in Cuba,
trying to cover it with
some kind of metal.
I kept hearing,
'Don't go at this with pride.
Don't go at this with
pride, for they have something secret
inside.
Don't be prideful. Don't
underestimate your
enemy.'I
saw lead,
and the Lord was showing me there's
something about lead they
used
to hide this thing so it would not be
detected through
metal and mud. I don't understand it
all. I am just seeing this in part, hearing
in
part.
But I saw these brass hands
that looked like giant hands, massive
fingers like
Fantastic Four,
the
rock guy—the way his body was
rock. These fingers
looked like rock, but they were
brass.
And the brass went up
like a bowl.
'That's it, son. Just like those hands.
Do you see those?
Show those
hands.'They
were that big,
that thick. These big rock-looking
fingers were brass
and they went up like
a massive bowl,
formed around like a cup. And in
the middle of the palm of the
hand,
Marco Rubio was standing there
in
a suit.
I saw these hands embracing him;
they looked like brass,
shiny,
and it was concerning
Cuba.
As he was standing there,
the Lord said, 'This is personal to
him.'I
saw it was personal. I saw relatives,
people that meant something to him
who
were
attached to Cuba.
I saw him rise up and I saw a
liberation coming to the Cuban people.
I saw our military, certain
units
with crosses that were
symbolic to this. Now, I'm not going all
into this
for a reason. There's a lot of you
who
will never make it to the end of
this
video.
I'm not trying to
be snide; I'm saying there was a
reason why the Lord waited until
many
of you left.
But
I try to give you what I feel in
my spirit,
too.
If you want to pray with it, pray.
I saw these hands. I saw
that
the guy who was over it had
chemical
warfare
weapons
for viruses
that,
when people got them, they got
these big sores on their
bodies
that looked like fire ant
bites,
round
like a
half dollar. Some were
sores and boils all over the body,
full of white infection with
a
black center.
It was nasty.
I don't know if
this was smallpox.
But I saw a canister
that looked like a cylinder
with a biohazard symbol on the
side.
As I was praying, I heard
'burros'.
Burro—Braden
said 'burro'means donkey.
As we were praying in
Spanish, the Lord showed us about
mules in the night. I saw the
American Coast Guard with radar
on the
tip of
their boat, spinning around, able to
detect if there was trouble in the
water
coming towards America.
I saw the United States Coast Guard
heavily patrolling Florida,
and they were not able to penetrate the
patrol like they were when Joe Biden was
here. Thank God for President Trump.
I saw
these patrol boats really doing their
jobs.
They knew they couldn't get past
our first defenses,
so they were trying to devise a plan.
But the Lord said they don't have
weapons like Iran does.
The rockets
I saw didn't have the capability
to strap a payload like Iran would;
they didn't have the ability to strike
America like Iran.
Now,
if I'm wrong, I'm wrong. But that's what
I saw.
Now, you say, 'Well, Brandon, they
do.'I
saw that they didn't.
If they do, then I missed it.
But I'm telling you what I saw
in the vision.
I saw our
heroes—our
men and
women that protect our nation. God bless
them. The Lord said,
'Pray for
them.'That's
all I will say.
And
I saw cyberattacks coming to Cuba in
the darkness again.
I saw
a liberation and the Lord said, 'Do
this by surprise and keep your mouth
shut, leadership,
for don't underestimate your
enemy.'Announcing
things and too much chatter
is not healthy for the people going in,
the ones risking their lives as
you sit behind a desk pushing
a
button.
Be
still. Pray for them.
I saw the chatter in the
still of the night, like in Venezuela.
The Lord said, 'Watch this. Pray for
them.'But
out of retaliation,
that which was in the mountain was used
upon the land.
The guy in Cuba is
nuts—the
leader.
I saw a mountain glow with a ripple
of a wave that looked like
an atom bomb. It went straight up and
off the side of a mountain
in retaliation to him
losing his position.
I thought, surely he wouldn't do that
to his own people.
But it was on the side of a mountain,
looking
like a
mushroom cloud.
I saw Fidel Castro's face
and
his beard. The Lord said he
got this weapon back when he was in
power
and he's had it the whole
time.
It was a trade
with
Russia—I
don't know what they traded,
maybe
oil.
It was during the Cold War.
I heard 'KGB'.
So that's a little rundown
for those who don't want to
pray with us, so you can keep up
and
maybe
help pray.
I can present it to you, and if you
don't want to pray, don't. But I pray
you do.
Pray for Cuba, pray for our
president, pray for them to make great
decisions.
We
must
take
no counsel from the
ungodly as we pray for Cuba
and
Iran, that
this ends
quickly and they
get all the plutonium.
Uranium. Thank you.
We're not in Back to the Future.
It's
what the Russians are
after.
All of it
is coming to a head, folks.
I truly believe we're about to see
some amazing things with the church,
but as we see these things,
it's going to get darker in the
world.
We're getting closer and closer
to the Lord's return,
and I'm excited to be a part of it. Are
you? So let's pray.
Was that a good highlight?
Did I get
enough?
I could go into
real detail, but
I'd spend an hour on it and I
don't want to. How long
was that?
Not too bad, 41 minutes.
Father, we just thank you for
the body.
Ow, my elbow just popped. Did you hear
that?
Wow, that was loud.
Goodness gracious.
Thank you, Lord, I'm healed.
Thank you, Father. My knees, my body...
Thank you, Lord. I'm getting this weight
off.
Obesity is terrible on your
joints. I'm telling you, the more
I get this weight
off, I tell myself again that I am
never going to get back to that because I'm moving
around better the lighter I get.
Obesity is hard on
your joints. Your joints are screaming,
'Please get this weight
off!'As
you're walking down the street,
they're
asking,
'What are you doing to your
knees?'It's
incredible. Weight is heavy,
and when you carry a lot
of excess
on your body,
your joints and ankles scream at you when
you exercise. They
are
trying to tell you to get
that fat off your body. We've got to be
physically fit for the coming of the
Lord so that we are able to live long
and finish strong. There
are
so many of you who have so much
inside of you, but like me,
letting weight keep us held back prevents us
from being
able to help those around us.
We're breathing hard.
We snore when we sleep.
With
sleep apnea, you stop
breathing and your body's telling you,
'You're too fat around your neck. You've
got to get this fat
off.'You've
got to take care of your bodies.
That's what the Lord has been on me
so strong
about:
'I need you to take care of your flesh so
that you're able to live long and finish
strong for what I've called you to
do.'After
a while, you just
yield.
You can find other things to
eat that are better.
I find little things that I
like better than
chocolate now,
but it takes retraining yourself.
I'm trying.
It's so important.
I see so many people in the body
of Christ who are so heavy, too.
Here I am, I'm still heavy, but I'm
getting there. I still see such a
need to talk about health
because
we are eating wrong.
Fast food... I try to measure my food
every day now.
Subconsciously,
food has been a
vice for me where I
just ate
whatever I
wanted.
But now I
measure it and try to be
precise in how much I'm eating.
I
take the time to
use
a scale
and say, 'There's ten ounces, that's
all.'Or,
'Here's
seven
ounces.'Measure
it and look at what's going
into
your body.
The Lord said, 'I want you to
weigh your food. Not just measure
it,
weigh it.
Take
note.'I
have an app,
and every single time, I document what
I put in my body.
It's not fun,
but I say, 'Well, I had ten ounces of
chicken and ten ounces
of this.'I
measure it and it keeps track
of
your macros, all the
protein, and everything. It
shows
how much protein you had versus carbs,
and it helps me.
I look at it and say,
'No wonder
I was almost 300
pounds.'Looking
back, you
think you're
not eating that
much, but then
you see
what a cup of yogurt is. This good
stuff that Dina gives me for
probiotics
is good for your stomach and helps
your bowels move. You have to keep
that regular; it keeps your body
flowing. You don't want backup in your
colon; you want
to keep
your bowels moving. There's so
much to a healthy lifestyle to
keep
us going so that we are able to
live long and finish strong.
I've been
ignorant to it
until the Holy
Spirit got on me and
I started
researching. I watch Dr. Berg and
others
and
study them.
It's
interesting.
I just try to help you
all
because
it's something that I've
dealt with.
We don't drink alcohol. I
know
a lot of people who do,
but
we don't touch
it.
My vice is coffee. I love
Kona coffee and Jamaican Blue
Mountain coffee. I could drink it all
the time.
I used to drink
eight cups a day or more, and Diana
said,
'We're going down to just two.'I
'No, we're not,'but I'm
doing
it.
I'm pulling back a
little bit. It's okay. You don't have
to have eight cups.
Drink a little tea, drink more
water. That's why I get these waters.
Someone
blessed me with these,
and I'm so thankful. I
have
Fiji water and I drink it throughout the
day now.
Megan loves it, but
it
doesn't always have to be those things.
Just try to find things that
are treats for you.
Good
water is a treat.
I'm
just trying to
help
you.
If we don't get this stuff under
control, we're in trouble. I
see
so many people in the body
of Christ with
diabetes
who
go to Billy Burke's lines and
say, 'Please, I'm dying of diabetes and
my liver's quitting.'They
have
cirrhosis of the liver, not because of
alcohol, but because they eat too much
McDonald's. I'm like, 'You got
cirrhosis of the liver from
McDonald's?'I
got fatty liver disease from
McDonald's, not from drinking beer.
My goodness.
They look pregnant because their liver
is
quitting.
The Lord told me, 'Brandon, you've got
to get this.'When I went for my
labs,
the
doctor called me and said,
'What you're doing is working.'He
said,
'Your labs are
better than anyone I've seen in my
clinic in a long time.
Everything
is
perfect, even your testosterone
getting better.'He
said
he
hasn't
seen
labs as good as mine in a long time. All my markers are in the green. He said,
'Brandon, you're doing it.
You're really
healthy.'There
was only one thing I needed to
work on,
but all my minerals
and everything were
perfect.
I give all glory to God.
I said,
'Lord, you're keeping
me.'The
anointing will keep you just like
Moses;
his
eyes didn't grow weary. They
didn't grow dim. They lived long
and finished strong. And here he was 120
years and he just gave up the ghost.
He
went home.
But I'm telling you, we don't have to go
home feeling like trash.
And I thought, why not talk
about health—certain
bread,
certain things,
eating right, doing real good grains
that are good for your colon
instead of eating all the trash and the
processed they keep feeding us
for all the prescriptions and all
the stuff they keep putting us on
and the pharmacy? It's a
hamster wheel. It just keeps going. We
get on a certain pill and you got to take
that the rest of your life, and then that
pill makes this symptom over here and
that pill doctors this symptom, and the
next thing you know, they come to a Billy
Burke meeting with a bag of pills that
looks this big and you go, 'I'm on
17 different medications and this
medication affects this medication and
this one over here affects this one and
I've got to have all
six; if I don't take all six, I
die.'And
you go,
'But I need healing.'And I'm looking
at it going, 'This is bad.
I got a bag of pills. Look at this.
You look like a medicine
cabinet.'And
you're going, 'My goodness, a
pharmacy loves
you.'And
I'm not making fun of it.
I'm thinking there's a problem
when
this pill affects this pill and
you got the symptoms of
this, and I got, 'Well, I'm taking
Ozempic
and I'm injecting it in my
stomach and I've lost all this weight,
but now my face looks like this and I
don't know what to do with
it.'My
face looks
funny and I look like I'm not even
really human, but I look skinny. And then
they say, 'Well, it's causing blindness
in people.'Now people are going, 'I
don't know how to see, but I'm
skinny. I can't see you,
but I'm looking good in my
face.'And
I'm like, 'There's a
problem.'It's
just being real with you.
Father, we just thank you for the body,
and Jesus paid the price for it,
living
health.
But I think there's a lot to organic.
There's a lot to growing your own food.
And what I see
coming—knowing
how to do a garden,
knowing how to grow tomatoes, knowing
how to catch fish in a
pond instead of buying
packaged fish or whatever. Learning how
to live off the land more like
our ancestors did, being more attentive
with things and saying, 'Listen,
there's just something
about
it.'Finding
a way,
Father, I just thank you for your body.
I thank you, Father, for all that you've
done for us.
I thank you, Father, for every person
here tonight that we find that place of
health
that we don't have all these pills
injecting and all these things going on
in our bodies. But Father, we're so
grateful that you paid the price for us.
And you said you'd give us wisdom if
we ask for it.
And so I'm asking you right now, Father,
right now in the name of Jesus, give
these people wisdom.
Give them wisdom on what to do with
their bodies so they don't keep living
this way. We need them.
We need them on the other side of the
camera.
We need them to stay and live long.
We don't want them going home when
they're 50.
We don't need them going home
when they're 45.
'Well, what's wrong with you?''I don't
know. I don't feel good.'Father, we
need them, for the harvest is plentiful
and the laborers are few. And it's all hands
on deck. We need every brother and
sister around the world, whatever they
got to be able to add their supply.
And so, Father, I thank you, Lord, that
we have become more conscious with our
health.
Help me
in my health journey.
Every single one of us needs a health
journey to take better care of our
temples to represent you better.
And Father, it's something I pray for
every day.
Something we struggle with, Father, in the
natural. But I know that whenever I
am weak, you make me strong.
Help me
and help us to help other people around us
and that we walk in healing and health
and wellness.
And Father, that their marriages are good,
that their children are healthy,
and
their spiritual health is good.
I thank you, Father, that we're going from
glory to glory and that
we're not
dissatisfied with where we are.
No, I want to be in the place of
overflow
in my health, in my
marriage, with my children,
with the finances,
with whatever God has for me. I want to
live an abundant life.
Father, that when we leave and if
we go by the
graveside,
you look at us and you say, 'Well done.
You did
good.'I
want him to say, 'You left it all on
the field
when you were playing the game. You left
it all on the field.
You didn't hold nothing back,
son.'You
tried,
Father. I tried.
I didn't let anything hold me back.
At least
go down fighting.
Don't just lay over and let
the devil run you. I'm going to run you
back. I'm going to—good measure, pressed
down—I'm
going to sow my seed. I'm
going to come after you with the sword
of the spirit and the shield of faith.
I'm going to knock your teeth in and I'm
going to go down fighting.
I'm not going to sit there
and lie
down and go, 'Well, woe is
me.'I'm
going to fight the good fight of faith.
A good fight is a fixed fight and a
fight that you win.
But there's sometimes people go home.
I'm not being ignorant to that.
I see people that live and they live by
faith and they go home.
But to be absent from the body is to be
present with the Lord. You still got the
victory,
but at least you went down fighting,
not
rolling over for the
devil to run you down.
I take communion. I believe with
all my heart
and I know because Billy talks to me
about people. They believe him for
healing for cancer and they
don't receive it on this side of
the earth and they die.
There's been a lot of
people that do that.
Did they get whipped? Did
they lose? No. They still
overcome on the other side
by the blood of the lamb and by the
word of our testimony. We still get the
victory
even in death on the other side.
Finish your race strong.
Father, we thank you, Lord, for the body.
And we do. We take this right now in
Jesus'name.
Thank you, Lord. Amen and
amen. Isn't Jesus wonderful? And
we
take the blood and we apply the
blood over us and we plead the blood
over our minds, our emotions, our sleep.
As we sleep, we sleep uninterrupted and
unhindered by any satanic or demonic
force. We have good dreams, sound sleep,
not tormented by fear,
not tormented by worry, not tormented by
the boogeyman or whatever.
I'm covered by the blood.
And I thank you, Lord, you could protect
my wife, my kids. Father, I thank you
that you said, 'I've never seen
the righteous forsaken or the seed
begging
bread.'He'll
always take care of you.
And I thank you, Lord, that you provide
for us. I
thank you, Lord, for creative
ideas to get wealth.
Thank you, Lord, for the blood that covers
us from the top of our head to the soles
of our feet.
And we're going from glory to glory.
Forgive us of our sins, Lord, all the
things we've messed up on. Even
whenever we don't even realize we did
it, we know that it's all under grace
and by mercy, Father, we are able to do it
anyway.
You're so wonderful, Father, that you
took care of all of us. And amen and
amen to that. We take the blood.
Don't worry about everything,
worrying and fretting all the time.
It's a habit I have to break. Say,
'No, I ain't worrying about it.
Not taking a thought about that.
I take the care out of my
thinking.'I'm
not going to take the care of this.
Worry will kill you all the time. Just
sitting there worrying and fretting
about things.
What are you going to do?
I think that's some of the things that
I've overcome
with high functioning.
You'll fixate on things in the
past. And so I break that off of me.
You have to renew your mind with the
word. We all got stuff we're overcoming.
I'm just real about it.
Isn't it a sweet presence, Braden?
I think it's interesting
when I feel like that.
Surely
the presence of the Lord is in this
place.
I can feel the brush of angels'wings.
I
see glory on each face.
Surely
the presence
of the Lord
is in this place.
Surely
you still got that one lined up for me,
hun.
I like it.
'Surely goodness
and mercy
shall follow
me
all the days
of my
life.'And
I shall dwell
in the house of the Lord
forever.
And I shall feast at the table spread
for me.
'Surely goodness
and mercy
shall follow
me
all the days
of my
life.'I
believe it, Father.
And I shall dwell
in the house of
the Lord
forever.
And I shall feast
at
the table
spread for me.
He prepares a table
in the presence of all your enemies.
He prepares that table. He has it set.
He has a big old pot roast or maybe if
you're a vegan, you have some cabbage or
something.
But either way, you're enjoying it
and he has it all there
and you're just enjoying your
cabbage soup and
I'm enjoying my pot roast because I eat
meat.
But we're all having a good time
together.
He has it spread there.
He doesn't even care if you like meat
or not. He says, 'I don't care if you're
vegan.'And
I got a lot of vegans watching me.
I say, 'Hey, Brandon, I don't
like it. You like eating meat.'That's okay. We can
agree to disagree, but I'll watch you
eat your cabbage.
I'll
eat it with you.
Isn't Jesus wonderful?
We're all so fearfully and wonderfully
made.
He loves each and every one of us,
and he prepares that table before us
in the presence of all our enemies and
he's up there saying,
'I've got a plan for your
life.'So,
Father, right now, we pray over that
plan for every single one of them.
Father, there's so many of them there
right now that are asking, 'What is your
plan for my
life?'And
they don't know.
They're asking you, Father, for
direction concerning, 'Do I have a call?
Do you want me to do this? What do you
want me to
do?'You're
young right now and you're
watching. You're about 18 or 19 years old.
You're thinking, 'Where should I go?
It's time for me to go to college.
Should I go to
college?'I
know I have a
career, but I really don't know what I'm
supposed to be doing with that career.
What should I be doing? What should I
plan? Oh, the world's coming to an end.
But here I am. I'm young, and I don't
know what I want to do with my life
because I'd just like to live
normal. We occupy until he
comes. You don't put
your eggs all in one basket.
We occupy until he comes. Invest. Do
things
right.
And if the Lord tells you to go to
school to be a doctor, go to be a
doctor. No one knows the day or the hour
when the Son of Man is coming.
So anybody that tells you they know the
day and the hour is a liar.
They don't know. The Bible says they
don't.
But we know the seasons,
right?
So we see the seasons and we know
by watching the fig tree. We can
see around us. We see right now all this
going on.
But the day or the hour, nobody knows.
Will we know the year? Maybe the month.
Could be.
But I'm telling you, keep doing what you
feel in your heart to do and have peace
doing it. That's what I'm praying for
you right now.
There's so many people asking, 'What
should I do?
Should I get
married? Should we have
kids?'Occupy
until he comes.
Follow the peace of God for your life.
Let peace be your umpire. Let peace be
your guide. Follow the peace. For those
that are led by the spirit of God are
the sons and the daughters of God.
We're led by his spirit. How does the
spirit lead us? By a still small voice
on the inside of us. Peace.
Peace that passes all understanding.
And the more you become friends with
him, the more you sit at his feet, the
louder he gets.
You say, 'How do you hear,
Brandon?'Time.
Not a microwave.
Day by day,
I spend time.
And as you practice his presence, the
voice becomes louder and louder to the
point where it seems like he's yelling.
And I can hear him and I know my
father's voice. Whenever it
gets a little
funky,
when I'm not spending time,
you have to go back to the basics, the
ABCs.
What are the basics of Christianity? Read
your Bible, pray, and worship.
Talk to
him and worship him.
Give him praise and
thanksgiving.
Thank you, Father, for all that you've
done. Thank you, Lord, for providing for
me and my son, my daughter, my wife.
Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Father. You
have everything we need.
Now, Father, we worship
you. We praise you. Sing songs to
him.
Sit at his feet and read his word.
And that is the basis, the ABCs. Go to
church, listen to sermons, whatever you
got to do. Feed your spirit.
And the
peace that passes all understanding
will guide you. Find
the
scripture. The peace
that passes all understanding will guide
you.
I know I'm saying it right.
You find it.
So
you want to follow that peace. This is
Philippians 4:7:
'And the peace of God, which passes all
understanding, shall keep your hearts and
minds through Christ Jesus.'It's going
to keep you.
It's going to guide you. It's going to
help
you go down the road that you're
supposed to go. The
more you get in
his word, the more you follow and you
hear him. By keeping him
first in your life, you're not going to
be questioning what you should be doing
because
you're
going to hear his voice more
and more.
There's so many people telling me, 'I don't
hear him at all.
Brandon, can you help
me?'And
the only way you're ever going to
hear the Father is by spending time with
him.
Even whenever you say, 'Well, I don't
feel anything. My relationship's
dead.'Those
that seek me will find me.
Those that knock, the door will be
opened unto them.
And the more you knock, the more you
seek him, you will find him.
How bad do you want to find him?
How bad do you want
your life to change?
Read the Bible and you pray.
Give him praise and thanksgiving. And
I'm telling you, you will start to hear
him,
and he'll get louder and louder. 'And
the peace of God, which passes all
understanding, shall keep your heart.'It's
probably
because it's in the King James
Version;
it
will guard your heart and your mind in
Christ Jesus.
It's guarding you.
I don't know what scripture I was
talking about, but it's about the peace.
It's about the Holy Spirit, the
Spirit of Truth. It will lead you and guide
you.
But I was thinking
about whenever he said the peace,
following your peace.
Sister
Billy would
help me.
She knows the scripture I get for the
peace. Letting the peace
that passes understanding...
yeah, there it is.
John 16:12-14 right there.
'I have many more
things to say to you, but you cannot
bear to hear them
now.'See,
even Jesus couldn't give you
everything.
Remember, he was on the earth. He said,
"I can't give you
everything."So,
people get mad and they say,
"Braden,
how come you don't tell me
everything?"Even
Jesus couldn't say everything.
So, of course, I can't say everything.
He said they can't hear it right now.
They don't have ears to hear it.
I have more things to say to you, but
you cannot bear it
right now. But when he, the
Spirit of truth comes,
he will guide you into all truth.
That's it, baby. You found it.
But when the Spirit of truth comes, he
will guide you into all truth,
full of complete truth. For he will
not speak of his own
initiative,
but he will speak
whatever he hears from the Father, the
message regarding the Son. And he will
disclose to you what is to come. Holy
Spirit in the future. He will glorify
and honor me because he, the Holy
Spirit, will take from what is mine and
will disclose it to you.
It's that peace.
It still didn't really talk about the
peace, did it?
But I believe that was it. That's
probably what I'm looking for.
But he will lead you with
peace.
Let peace that passes all understanding.
I'll find more scriptures for
you and I'll bring it to you better
because I know it's there.
Mama's not here. Diana knows a lot more.
She memorized the Bible a lot more than
me. She's smart. But
Father, I just thank you, Father, for
every single one of them.
Every single person who's led by the
Spirit of God.
Father, that they will hear your voice
and a stranger's voice will not follow.
We thank you, Lord, that they
are not lacking any good thing.
That every single thing they have set
out to do, Father, they will be
victorious in it if they are
inquiring of you.
So, we inquire of you tonight. We
inquire of you. What do you have us to
do with our lives?
What do you have us to do with our
lives, Holy Spirit?
Everything David set out to do,
he inquired of the Lord.
So we inquire of you. Do you want us to go
to college? Do you want us to be a
doctor? Do you want us to be a farmer?
Do you want us to be a veterinarian?
Father, we inquire of you.
And I thank you, Father,
for those that are led by the Spirit of
God are the sons of God.
And we're led by your Spirit. We're led
by the Prince of Peace.
That peace that passes all
understanding.
We hear your voice and a stranger's
voice will not follow.
Now, Father, we pray over our
President tonight.
We pray over President Trump. We pray
over this nation. We pray over the
peace over his mind. We take authority
right now in the name of Jesus over
every demonic spirit that's trying to
come against him. And we thank you,
Lord, that the angels of the Lord are
around
and about him. I cover him in the
blood in the name of Jesus.
Father, we're so thankful, Father,
as we repent
for looking to him to change
things, but knowing that if we inquire
of you and we pray that you'll use him
even in the days ahead to fix this
nation,
Father, it takes a God-fearing man. And
we thank you, Lord, that President Trump
is having a road to Damascus
experience as they're bickering back and
forth of him and the Pope and all this
stuff going on there. Father, it's just
the devil trying to stir things up.
Lord, we take authority over it.
And Lord, we're not having all this
strife—a
house divided cannot stand.
And Father, we'll not have a house
divided. It's all right, son. Don't
worry about it.
A house divided will not stand. And we
believe
that there's peace
over our nation, over our politics. We
pray in the name of Jesus, over our
Senate and the House to get the bills
passed before it's too late. For the Clarity
Act,
Father, we plead
the blood of Jesus over this and
the
bankers that are holding this back. We
take authority over it right now in the
name of Jesus. And that Father,
it's time for the Clarity Act to pass.
There's a good vein
there.
We take authority
over the principalities and the powers,
those demonic spirits that are trying to
hold this back.
I command you to bow your knee in the
name of Jesus. We call the wealth of the
sinner laid up for the righteous. We
call this bill to pass tomorrow. We call
the agreements to happen before the end
of tomorrow, Friday.
Before the 1st of May,
we call this
completely done in the name of Jesus.
This is the time for the rocket to
take off,
that clarity will
come
and a new industrial revolution
will come.
And we believe, Father.
Yeah,
it's Colossians
3:17.
That's the one we're looking for.
"And whatsoever you do,
whether in word or in deed, do all in
the name of the Lord Jesus, giving
thanks to God the Father through him.
Let the peace of Christ rule your
hearts,
since as members of one body you were
called to peace. And be thankful. Let
the
message of Christ dwell among you
richly as you teach
and admonish one another with all wisdom
through psalms, hymns, and songs
from the Spirit, singing to God with
gratitude in your hearts. And whatever
you do, whether in word or in deed, do
all in the name of the Lord Jesus,
giving thanks to God the Father through
him."So
I messed it up obviously,
but Father, I thank you. I'm on that
Clarity Act, Braden.
This is real. And we can
push this over tonight.
I believe we can push this over in the
spirit tonight.
Let's do this.
Let's just push this over. I don't
need any more scripture, baby. It's
good. Okay.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
We call this done.
Get your hands off of it in the name of
Jesus. We call the wealth transfer to
begin in the name of Jesus. We call the
interest rates to be normal, to come
better. Father, we call the economy
to be stimulated. We say in the name of
Jesus for supernatural turnaround in the
finances of the wealth of the sinner
laid up for the righteous, the ones that
are listening. We call it in right now
in the name of Jesus. We call the things
to change right now
in the name of Jesus. Father, that the
new industrial
revolution will happen in the
name of Jesus. We call it forth
in
Jesus'name.
All blockages—there it is. All
blockages be unblocked.
I
see the cloud.
I call
the blockage to be
unblocked.
Do you hear that when I
said
I call the
blockage
to be unblocked?
I see that critter. The Sooners
are about to
start the
race. I see it over there. I see the
race.
I see
them
on the land line.
Oh,
blessing without sorrow. He'll give us
riches without sorrow.
We call an
unblockage. I see
certain ones going $5.
I see it moving. I call a blockage
unblocked.
I call the river to flow.
I call the blockage unblocked
now in
Jesus'name.
Braden,
push it.
Push this rock out of the way. It's a
major boulder in this road today. Push
it out.
All that is on the other side of it,
all that this water river flowing.
I see a great dam in the middle. I see a
great boulder in the middle of this
river. And the river is about to—you know,
whenever
you see a cork and
you see the pressure of it about
to shoot this thing. It almost looks like
it's a projectile.
Move it
in the name of Jesus. All hidden things
be revealed and the things that are
associated with holding it back. JP
Morgan, move out of the way in the name
of Jesus today.
Bank of America, move out of the way in
the name of Jesus today.
Chase, Wells Fargo, BlackRock, move out
of the way in the name of Jesus today.
And the other—I see another
lining up. They're all
getting ready to fill their cup. I see a
big cup and I see JP
Morgan. They got a cup and that
river is flowing and they're getting
their big buckets
and they're filling their buckets up.
It's the new
dot.com—a
new
dot.com,
greater than the new
dot.com.
I see clarity, and then I
see a bill here, a little
bit down the stream, and I see another
kind of bill here.
But as it goes down here,
these first stages
are
where the blessing flow will be. I see a blessing flow.
There's a
bill to pass here, and then down the
river, there's another one. But this one
down here shuts off
for the public in a way because it's
already
like... whenever you see
it.
He said, 'Well, Brandon, it's no
different than if you were to have bought Apple
stock when it first started out versus
now.'That's
what he said.
If you buy it now versus when it first
came out, it's a big difference, huh?
Some things that He tells you to do will
be just like that. He says
some things He will tell you to do will
be just like that. When Apple first
started,
when
Microsoft
first started.
That's interesting.
You have to pray about which one it is.
Isn't that interesting?
He said
as it flows down the river and it's
growing, this down here, whenever it
first started, it looked very volatile.
People don't understand it,
but as it grows, they
think,
'Man, if I could have been a part of
that.'The
Lord said,
'They
kept saying,
"I remember
when."'Don't
be one that listens to them.
Don't be one that says, 'I remember
when.'Follow
the leading of the Holy
Spirit to what the Lord is telling you
to do. What is your Microsoft? What is
your Apple?
What is the Lord telling you?
You have
to follow the voice of the Lord for what
He's telling you in these last days.
It's interesting, huh, Braden?
Because
whenever you see Google and you see
these companies when they first
start
out or Amazon,
or
Elon Musk,
it's the difference of
being too early, too late, or just right
on time.
It's being just right on time,
following Him when it's right on
time.
What is He saying for you to do?
Whatever He says for you to do.
If you plant certain seeds in the wrong
time, it will not produce like it was
supposed to.
You say, 'I'm going to plant my corn in
the fall,
but it's supposed to be planted at a
certain other
time.'Do
you understand?
It's an
illustration. You're planting it when God
says to plant it
to bring maximum harvest.
So Father, we call for clarity. We call
clarity the first
phase—the
first phase of clarity.
We call the
first phases of clarity to be clear. We
call clarity to
be clear
and
that
we know that there's nothing
going to hold it back anymore.
We call the clarity clear, and then
Father, whenever the other bills
pass, Father, this is
it. Let the river flow.
Let the river flow. This
is
interesting,
Braden.
Watch Saudi Arabia when it comes to
this.
That's what I say. Watch big nations
when it comes to this. I see Saudi
Arabia.
I see Japan.
I see nations in South
America.
I see billions of dollars
in
retainers—Saudi
Arabia and these things.
I'm talking about oil countries.
Watch
them.
Keep watching what they do
in the days ahead.
Watch the Trump boys. Keep following
them.
Watch what they do.
Isn't it interesting to watch people
anyway? I'm a people watcher. I like to
watch
habits. Watch what people do.
If you're listening to the Holy
Spirit, you'll catch it.
It's like this:
there's a superhighway of all of it,
and I can see it, but you've got to reach
up by faith and grab a hold of it and
pull it down. I'm
going to hear what He tells me. I'm
going to grab a hold. He said it's a still, small
voice.
I'm going to
receive what He has for me.
I catch it with a
catcher's mitt. I receive what He has
for me. Like somebody playing baseball,
they catch it, bring it down,
and then they throw
it—but
they caught it first.
Catch it by faith, what God has for you.
I
receive what the Holy Spirit's trying
to tell me tonight on what to do to
change my life.
If I'm supposed to be a doctor,
a lawyer,
or
go to school—whatever He's telling
you to do, we do it. I catch it.
I receive it. I put my spiritual antenna
up
and I hear what the Holy Spirit has for
me. You may be called to
ministry. You say, 'Well, I'm supposed
to go to Oral Roberts University this
fall.
I'm going to learn to be a
pastor.'I
want to go and get a
theological
degree.
I'm going to go over there and
learn more about this.
I'm a baby Christian; I just want to
learn.
It's good to have knowledge.
Whatever He tells you to do, do it.
If you don't know,
get quiet
and
listen to Him.
It
might be starting a company or
becoming an
electrician.
Thank you, Jesus.
Thank you, Lord, for the flow.
The river
is flowing and we call it done in
Jesus'name.
Clarity, come now in
Even
before June, I see it
come.
He'll be your ultimate source.
Some of you will pay off your house in a
day.
Some of you are going to pay off your
homes within a day with
an idea.
You'll
say, 'I'm
debt-free.'And
then there are some of you that will
be able to say, 'Hey, I'm officially
retired and I'm able to help out with
the
revival.'Move
out of the way
in the name of Jesus!
Stone roll away!
We speak to the mountain and we tell you,
'Be removed. Be cast into the
sea.'Mountain,
go!
I see churches being paid
off in full.
I see supernatural harvest coming to
John Kilpatrick.
I see a great flow of finances coming to
the Church of His Presence.
I see supernatural finances coming to
John Kilpatrick's church.
I'm talking
about
a gusher full of blessing.
I see his face and I see the
paint
on the stage. I see the
church's sign on his podium there,
and I see blessing on this man. There's
going to be blessing on this family and
on John
Kilpatrick and his
church—finances,
blessing. People in his church have
invested and done things, and it's going
to be a great day for them.
It's going to be a great
time—supernatural
abundance of
finances.
They have
people in their congregation that have
listened to the Spirit of the Lord
on what to do, and I see supernatural
finances coming.
I don't even know if their church is
paid off, but I call it
paid off.
I call for supernatural new buildings,
bigger buildings,
blessing, increase, multiplication, and
favor for what God is about to do in
this area in the end times.
Remember I told you
about the water coming around his feet? Do you remember that as a sign of provision, the glory? The Lord said, 'Do
you remember I told you, Braden, about the water coming around his feet? It came
up out of the Gulf.'This water
was a representation of the glory
and the finances about to come on that
man.
Isn't that interesting? I've never
even talked to these people, but
there's blessing coming on
them. And I see the same thing for
Perry. There
are
people
in Tennessee
that
have done what
the Spirit of the Lord has told them,
and supernatural finances are going to
flow.
Oh, hallelujah. I see it.
The Lord said, 'It is my abundant
supply
to get the job done for what's about to
come.
It's the abundant supply ahead of time.
Watch what I'm about to do. This is the
rocket fuel for the rocket.
Get
ready.'The
rocket is the glory, the outpouring,
and this is going to fund it. This is
the funding of it. Listen to
what the Spirit of the Lord tells you to
do.
Whatever He says to do, do it.
I see a rocket
taking off, being filled with fuel
and the end-time glory. It's
the mechanism which travels
time for harvest,
and you'll know what to do when you get
it.
You see, there are
older
elders
who
have been around
the block.
He needs people who are
mature;
they
are
bridled.
Do you see how these are men that
are bridled?
They're not immature.
I see great wealth coming on my
friend Billy.
I get so excited about that. There
is
going to be such a blessing on folks
that
they won't have room enough to receive
it all, and they're going to dump it out
and help people.
He said, 'I am your exceeding great
supply.'They've
done what I told them to do.
Certain ministries
will
walk in abundance to get the
job done. They are bridled;
they're not stupid.
People that are just flying out
are
just being
careless. He said, 'I need
people who are mature
that will handle the wealth I give
them and not let the wealth control
them. They control the
wealth.'The
old generals
are
dead to self. They
know the mission. They
are
in the last phases of their time on
the
earth, but they will never taste death.
The Lord wants to get this done. We're
out of time
before
the coming of the Son.
He's saying,
'In
my return, I need people who are bridled and
will
do what I
tell them to
do.'He's
trying to tell
you how to get it through you
so we can get this job done.
I
saw
a
boulder
blocking the flow, and
I saw rain in the clouds
that looked like
a
TV.
It was
digital
in the clouds, and it began to rain.
There is a beginning of rain,
a new dot-com era.
Remember the '90s?
A new era of time,
a new digital AI age.
AI is about to take off like we've never
seen.
AI is going to
change
the world
in a
way—cures
for
cancers, cures for diseases. I'm seeing
it being birthed out of this new
Industrial
Revolution,
like the Industrial
Revolution when it came the first time
with Benjamin Franklin, electricity,
cars, planes, and trains.
It's
scary
because of the way they are genetically
modifying babies
and
animals. I
see them bringing back a saber-tooth tiger
and
a woolly mammoth. I
see genetic modification to bring back
prehistoric dodo birds
and
plants that were gone. They are
going to start
bringing things back with AI,
playing God.
Watch.
This is the part of the quarter that you
like, Brandon.
Thank you, Lord, for days
of
refreshing like this.
Watch
what happens with Cuba.
The sanctions
and
blockades will be lifted off their
economy in the days ahead.
Free trade will flow,
and money will
come. That
is
their
history.
We call
the Castros
removed right now in the
name of Jesus.
Let the river flow over Cuba.
I see a
blessing coming on South Korea. I
see a well of finances coming
out of South Korea concerning the digital
age. They
are
going to be one of the leaders.
I see South Korea becoming
like a glowing flower,
a leader
in this
industrial
growth.
I see beautiful neon colors,
electric
flowers
like
a daisy.
The Lord said that's new
growth
of the digital
age.
China
will
try
to spring forth, but they won't be able
to harness it like other nations
because they
are
an
enemy of
themselves
inside their government.
I
see
a big
flower coming out of South Korea, but I see a
lot of little plants
like saplings all over
China that only grow so
far because they have
things
knocking them down.
It only has sprigs of growth
across the
field, like neon
green
anime.
It
has a cap on it
and won't grow higher because
of control. The moment it
tries to grow higher, it gets killed.
But
South Korea brings forth a
beautiful flower.
Their
government has too much control over their
people,
and that's why they
are
not able to flower. These companies
need
to really let go.
It looks like there are black
things growing on it;
it's disease. I see a green
stock
with red flowers
that look like a
flower I've never seen before.
It's up right here, Hong
Kong, son.
It springs forth a flower
in layers,
but the stock has
a fungus
killing it.
A beautiful flower that
looks like it could flourish will not
grow as much as it should.
Across the land, there are little
bitty stalks of little plants coming up.
I can see them, but they're not
growing like they should
because of communism
and
their hand in
people's business,
not letting their economy grow because
they are
afraid of losing control.
I see South Korea become very
blessed.
It's up by Beijing;
I see a spring forth.
Is Beijing the capital
of China? There
is
a
growth
coming up out of it,
and it looks beautiful, but there
is
a black
fungus on the flower.
I
have
to get back into it; I want to see
more if the Lord allows me to.
Russia
has a blue flower
that
looks
like little
blueberries
all over these
plants.
I
see
Israel.
I see it even growing up in
Argentina.
It's a long place in South
America,
right on the water's edge.
I see crypto coming here too.
I see
Rio
de
Janeiro,
where they had the Olympics.
Where does the statue of Jesus stand?
Brazil.
The Jesus statue flashed before my face;
he's on the hill,
and
I see springs of
growth coming out of this. It's
still growing and things
are
happening.
The Lord says, 'You won't be
able to avoid this.
It's the new way, a new wave of
digital.'This
is all leading to
the beast system.
As you look at the world changing,
there
are
springs of new growth.
All
plants start out that way.
Hibiscus is South Korea's
flower. That's
pretty neat.
I get amazed by some of the
things he shows me.
I see new plants, but
some are very small
because they're at the beginning
stages.
The bigger the plant, the more
foundation they have.
New things are coming into
Russia and these areas. I saw Israel
and they have plants coming forth,
but as I was looking
into Israel, I saw oil
in
the Mediterranean,
right out of Gaza.
I saw an oil derrick coming up.
Plants for them were
derricks
coming up in
the ocean.
I saw black derricks popping up all
over the water.
We thank you, Lord,
for the
wealth of the
wicked laid up for the righteous.
We will hear you and
know the new flow
of what you have for
the body of Christ.
Principalities work through
personalities,
and we
call for
a
cease and desist in your maneuvering.
Let the blessing of the Lord come on
his people
through creative ideas.
We come
against all attacks on
Coachella.
We thank you, Lord, that
there
are
no
mass
stampedes, riots, or
terrorist
attacks this
weekend.
We
pray a hedge around
it,
over Justin
and
all the people gathered there.
There's
a
black onyx alligator
lurking in the water
concerning
Coachella.
It's waiting in the
water;
it's
predatorial.
The Lord said it
was lavender that you were looking at
over Russia.
When you breathe it in, it
gives you peace.
We call peace over Russia
and
Ukraine. Whenever
the
atmosphere
shifts
like that,
I
can
feel
it.
We call peace over Russia
and
Ukraine;
cool heads will prevail.
We call the war to stop and cease, and
that
they would
come to an agreement
concerning the land.
I see Macron
and
Zelensky.
The one thing holding it back
is Ukraine joining
NATO,
and it's being influenced by
Zelensky
and Macron.
Zelensky's
days are numbered. There
will be
an elderly man;
it
will be pro-Russia and pro-Ukraine.
We call for peace over Russia
and Ukraine. I
see
lavender.
It's
so interesting,
Braden;
I see a peace like you breathe it in.
You breathe in lavender, and it
gives you that
sense
of
peace.
Now, I don't know if Russia is known for
lavender, but I can smell it.
It's what was growing over that
land.
When I was looking at Coachella,
then I went clear over there and saw
the thing tonight, but
I could smell lavender. The
Lord said,
"Call peace over
Russia and Ukraine
tonight."I
see Russia taking that
land,
and there's a
pause coming.
He wants a pause.
There's a reason; there's something
going on.
I see so much purple and
stars.
I see what would look like diamonds on
the
breath.
The people of Russia breathe;
they
take a deep breath,
like a
sigh of relief.
Do you understand what I'm
saying, son?
There
are
agreements that have been made
and
will be known
soon.
I see
Zelensky—something
is
going to happen,
and you'll hear a sigh of relief for a
season,
like lavender. You'll remember this.
I
hear
the
Russian choir again.
I see Turkey, and he's not satisfied;
he's stirred up.
I
can
hear
it
as they breathe a sigh of
relief. But I can see Turkey, and
it's
about Israel.
Turkey is devising a plan
to come after Israel
with Syria.
It's Macron who is the problem
because
they want World War III. They're
trying to bring forth the Mahdi.
That's why I keep seeing World War
III above, trying to provoke this. But I
sense the lavender and the smell
coming
up out of prayer;
it's a
fragrance of peace.
Do you get what I'm saying, honey?
I see Zelensky. There is such
corruption, and he's being removed, and then there's a
split.
I see Macron.
I see the royals in England,
and they
want to bring forth this New World
Order,
this Agenda 2030.
They want war over their
area, not peace; this is false.
They
want
to bring control over the people, the banking,
and
these black swan
events by flooding the Muslim
population to bring down
European culture
and NATO. The alliance with
Zelensky is coming to an
agreement, but I see him going and
an old man coming in.
I see a sigh of relief and
the number four.
I see a sigh of relief with the Russian
flag and a golden number four.
The white,
red, and blue are rippling over
this golden, mirror-like four.
I see World
War III, but then I see the people
praying
and the lavender
peace.
People
are
praying for peace
because
there's so much blood being shed
over Ukraine.
Zelensky
is
going.
We call for him to be removed and for a
better leader to bring peace.
No NATO right now.
As you see Trump withdrawing troops
from NATO,
he's
causing a type of peace.
Trump
says
we're out; we're done.
Zelensky needs to be done.
I see a new leader,
and the
Russian
bear
backs down.
They
want the land up to Kyiv, and they want
to
divide
it—half
theirs,
half
theirs—with
a proxy government
established
over Ukraine.
Father, we pray over the Boston
Marathon and the times
ahead.
We thank you
for peace tonight. I feel
the anointing;
there's a
healing coming
over Ukraine and Russia.
I see President Trump and Putin
talking
about
the 'Art of the Deal'concerning NATO. He wants to
break the alliance. Remember this:
the 'Art of the Deal'concerning
Ukraine,
NATO, and
Russia
in the days ahead.
Trump's going to use this as
a
chess piece.
It's important
to pray for him,
but
don't idolize him;
keep Jesus first.
He's just a man.
But watch, the 'Art of the Deal'and NATO will bring a sigh of relief. This will also concern Cuba. I see
compromise
between
big leaders.
Thank
you,
Father,
that
people stop dying.
We give you praise.
Thank you that every terrorist
is
brought to justice.
I thank you that the FBI, Homeland
Security, the CIA, and local law
enforcement are finding them and
bringing them to justice.
Wherever they
are
hiding,
I call you found
in
Jesus'name.
Father, I thank you, Lord. There's not a
rock they can hide in—no cave,
no bunker, no nothing. Father, you will
find these men or women and you will
bring them to justice, and there will be
no acts of terror upon our nation.
We call every demonic assignment down,
and we pray a hedge around
President Trump, that he takes no counsel
from the ungodly, and we put a bloodline
around him in
Jesus'name.
And we thank you, Lord, for JD Vance.
We pray over him too, and Marco Rubio.
And we pray peace over this nation.
We call joy, and we thank you, Lord,
that the days of revival, days of
blessing have just begun. Days of fun
have just begun. And we turn this
through
prayer—that
this
is a time of refreshing for Russia, for
us, Father—that they will be stopping
the bloodshed.
And
we thank you, Lord, that every plot,
every plan across this land will be
brought to justice in
Jesus'name.
Thank you, Father.
Thank you, Lord. That's wonderful.
Right. I'm telling you, what I'm seeing
is really nice.
It's beautiful.
The lavender,
a sigh of relief.
It's like
a
sigh
of
relief.
It's beautiful, son.
But the Lord wants to bring some
refreshing for some folks.
That's what it's about. It's like I see
it and he wants to deal with this.
That's why he said,
'Pray for President
Trump.'When
you correct some things and you
repent, do you realize God is not mad?
He's not mean.
But he wants his bride to
do what they're called to do:
repent and just change. The moment you
repent, the moment your heart is
for the Father—'I repent, God'—he's not
mad at you.
But he expects you to change from the
wicked ways. And that's why he said, 'If
my people who are called by my name will
humble themselves and pray
and turn from their wicked ways,
then we will hear from heaven; he will
heal our land.'He's doing the healing,
but it took us to repent and turn from
it. Lord, we're not going to idolize
Trump. We're not going to do that. We
repent for having an attitude like
that. Lord, you're the
only God before us.
Only you are holy; only you are worthy.
The moment you start having a heart like
that, he turns it and fixes things.
He heals the land in repentance.
We're sorry,
Lord. We repent. And how many of
us last night—there's so many people,
I've gotten the emails—'I was wrong,
Brandon.
I
repented.'It
brings a fragrance before the Father.
He's not mad,
but he will not allow people to take the
glory.
You see, and the moment you change, he
is
always love,
but he expects people to act a certain
way. Don't act like that.
But the moment you say, 'Daddy, I'm
sorry. I shouldn't have done that.
I had a
heart...'The
true heart of repentance means to
turn away from;
it's to turn away from. And there's so
many of you right now that all you've
got to do is just come to him and just
turn away from what you've been doing.
'I'm sorry. I shouldn't have been doing
it.
I repent. I make things
right.'And
if you're here tonight, it's time
for you to do it.
Repent. Turn away from it
and make things right.
Get right with God tonight.
Get your heart right before a holy God.
He wants to give you time, chance, and
chance again. But
we're
running out of time.
And right now, he's just saying, 'Will
you turn from your wicked ways?
Turn from it; I love
you.'The
wages of sin is death.
This is going down the wrong
road. But the moment you seek him and
you say, 'My heart's been wrong. I
shouldn't have,'boom, he's
there and it's gone. He
wants to fix things.
That's a good dad. That's a good father.
The moment you repent, he'll fix it. And
tonight, you may be here and you say,
'Brandon, I want to make it
right.'I
know it's late. I don't even know what
time it is, but
we've been here praying
for a long time. All you have to do
right now is just say real quickly:
'Jesus, I believe you're the Son of God.
I believe you died for me and you rose
again on the third day.
I repent of my sins and I turn away from
them.
Tonight I ask you to forgive me.
I ask you to wash me with your precious
blood.
Jesus, I believe that my name is written
in the Lamb's Book of Life right now as
I speak. You're writing it in there.
Jesus, I serve you all the days of my
life.
I will be your friend, a
companion forever. You're mine.
We're both walking this out together.
Tonight's my night. I turn from my
wicked ways and I'll serve you from this
day forward. I repent of it and I
believe you are the Son of
God.'That's
it. If you just say that out of
your mouth, I just believe you got born
again. I know it's late, like I said, but
if you just say that sinner's prayer and
you just gave your heart to Jesus
Christ, welcome to the family. Tell
us in the comments section tonight, 'I
just got born again.'We just want to
rejoice with you. We'll give you a Bible
for free if you just email us in the
description down below. We want to
rejoice with you and be excited
about your decision
tonight.
Like, subscribe, click the notification
bell, and be a part of our YouTube channel.
We want to just take the time to
tell you we love you and we're excited
you're here. There's so many of you that
need prayer, and there's so many people
that we just want to let you know we
love you and we're
rooting for you. We're always in
your corner praying for you.
We're
excited you're here tonight. We know
it's late, so we'll close with that. And
just know we're praying for you
continually and we love you all, every
single one of you. As I take the next
two
days off, I'm going to take time to pray,
and we'll be back if anything happens on
Saturday. I pray it won't in
Jesus'name,
but I'm going to take some time and
get refreshed here and we'll be back
Sunday and we'll pray again with
you.
But we love you. Enjoy your couple days
here. Get caught up on some of the
videos if you haven't watched them. I
know there's a lot of content there
for you to watch. There's fifteen of you that
gave your heart to Christ tonight in
this little bit of time. That is
amazing. And we love y'all. We
count it all joy and keep your head up.
It'll be a beautiful weekend.
Good night. Have a blessed day and a
pleasant tomorrow.
Put a smile on your face and a song in
your heart. Jesus loves you. We love
you. Good night. God bless you all.